Okay. So on the element side of things, it shows that I can do the resizing of it, but I don't see rotation, if I'm able to rotate things. And then also I don't see a delete, if I wanted to delete the element. Say I accidentally put the element in there accidentally and stuff, I can't delete it and everything. Also, there's supposed to be four elements. The document, the news clipping, the sticky note, and the photo. And actually, no, five elements because then you're supposed to have a fingerprint card and everything. And I can't see that on my phone. So where the elements are and stuff, maybe I can have a scroll so I can scroll through what elements I can add on there, I guess. And then the other thing, when they upload a photo, it becomes a Polaroid and you can edit the caption to it, and you can type on the sticky note, you can type on the document, and you can type on the news clipping. And it's supposed to be an old, New York Times news clipping kind of thing. And then you can also type on the fingerprint card as well. But I actually can't adjust the size of my elements and I can't rotate them and I can't delete them. I can drag them, but I can't do the other things that I would like to do with those. And I don't like, yeah, the arrows. I'm not really a fan of the arrows thing. The chain is very cool, tying a string to something else. And it looks like it doesn't work. That part of it doesn't work. So, I'm on an element, I hit the chains, and then it tells me to tap another element to tie the string or whatever, and it won't let me do that. So yeah, that's weird. And then, this is supposed to also be where the canvas is, where they're adding the elements. It's supposed to be scrollable, like a scrollable frame. So it's supposed to be able to scroll up and down and side to side, and it's supposed to be kind of limitless, I guess you could say, and everything. And so when other people go to view it also, they can scroll up and down, side to side and look at the whole ticket that they did, the Target ticket that they did, and everything. So, yeah. But I kind of wish that we had the corners. The corners should be the thing that's resizable and stuff, and have the delete. So there should be an X in one corner, a rotation thing in one corner, and an expansion thing in the other corner. And yeah, that's another thing. And I just realized I can drag the canvas, so that's actually cool. So I can drag the canvas and add elements in different areas of the canvas. I didn't realize I could drag it. So, there's that. But when people go to view it, they should be able to scroll up and down and side to side to view the whole ticket itself. So . And the void button doesn't work. And neither does the file intel button. So yeah, we need to fix that

